Version bump for 2.10.0 (#787)
BoltApp/bolt-magento1: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
## [V2.10.0](https://bolt-public.s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/magento-integration-release/bolt-magento1-v2.10.0.zip) 2020-11-05

>  - Added support for custom URLs for staging and dev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Added: custom URLs for staging and dev are not supported.
```

>  - Added: custom URLs for staging and dev are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Added: custom URLs for staging and dev are now supported.
```

>  - added: custom server URLs for staging and dev are now supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Added support for custom URLs for staging and dev
```

Author: @adentong This is a new approach we already use in M2 for a few months
https://github.com/BoltApp/bolt-magento2/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md
CC: @lbliii

Reviewer: @vitaliyreznikov updated
